src/events/2025/07-tangents.md, before:

---
title: "Tangents"
date: 2025-07-30
time: "7PM to Late"
tags: [serenade, tangents]
poster: "Tangents-Jul2025.jpg"
blurb: "A games showcase before Freeplay!"
tickets: https://events.humanitix.com/tangents25
---

[Serenade](https://serenade.games/) is proud to present an exhibit of weird and wonderful games from across Australia, fostering connections on the fringes during [Freeplay](https://www.freeplay.net.au/) week in Melbourne.

# New South Wales

[Nonolith](https://store.steampowered.com/app/3203340/Nonolith/) by [JustCamH](https://bsky.app/profile/justcamh.bsky.social)

[ARPG Collection](https://store.steampowered.com/app/3614300/ARPG_Collection__Sales_Science__Spirits/) by [Zero Point Games](https://bsky.app/profile/zero-point-games.bsky.social)

# Queensland

[HyperRouter](https://bsky.app/profile/piers.zip/post/3lrgurm7f6c2j) by [Piers](https://bsky.app/profile/piers.zip)

[I thought You Would Write](https://neighbourhood-snake.itch.io/i-thought-you-would-write) by [Tex Barnes](https://bsky.app/profile/soyoudontneedto.bsky.social)

# South Australia

Angelsphere Nightscape by [Angas Smith](https://bsky.app/profile/yikescg.bsky.social)

[Beauty Within Its Flaws](https://rosden.itch.io/beauty-within-its-flaws) by [Rosden Shadow (Mark Signorelli)](https://x.com/Rosden_Shadow)

Commit message:

Event Tangents 2025 Robert Yang added to line-up and poster update

src/events/2025/07-tangents.md, after:

---
title: "Tangents"
date: 2025-07-30
time: "7PM to Late"
tags: [serenade, tangents]
poster: "Tangents-Jul2025.jpg"
blurb: "A games showcase before Freeplay!"
tickets: https://events.humanitix.com/tangents25
---

[Tangents](../../2024/06-serenade-tangents) returns for 2025!

[Serenade](https://serenade.games/) is proud to present an exhibit of weird and wonderful games from Australia and beyond, fostering connections on the fringes during [Freeplay](https://www.freeplay.net.au/) week in Melbourne.

# New Zealand

Rainbows Are Carnivores by [Robert Yang](https://debacle.us/)

# New South Wales

[Nonolith](https://store.steampowered.com/app/3203340/Nonolith/) by [JustCamH](https://bsky.app/profile/justcamh.bsky.social)

[ARPG Collection](https://store.steampowered.com/app/3614300/ARPG_Collection__Sales_Science__Spirits/) by [Zero Point Games](https://bsky.app/profile/zero-point-games.bsky.social)

# Queensland

[HyperRouter](https://bsky.app/profile/piers.zip/post/3lrgurm7f6c2j) by [Piers](https://bsky.app/profile/piers.zip)

[I thought You Would Write](https://neighbourhood-snake.itch.io/i-thought-you-would-write) by [Tex Barnes](https://bsky.app/profile/soyoudontneedto.bsky.social)

# South Australia

Angelsphere Nightscape by [Angas Smith](https://bsky.app/profile/yikescg.bsky.social)

[Beauty Within Its Flaws](https://rosden.itch.io/beauty-within-its-flaws) by [Rosden Shadow (Mark Signorelli)](https://x.com/Rosden_Shadow)
